Let’s walk through the usual suspects and pinpoint where the render might be breaking down:

Component Registration & Import
Verify you actually imported and placed <WorldHealthMap> in your PharmaWatch dashboard JSX. A typo in the import path or component name will leave an empty space.
Check your Replit console (or browser dev tools) for any “module not found” or “undefined component” errors.
Data Fetching Errors
Open your Network tab and confirm your health‐metrics APIs and topoJSON/GeoJSON file are returning 200s.
If any request is failing (404, 500, or CORS), the map won’t have geometries or color data to draw.
Add early .catch() handlers to log failures when calling fetch() or your data‐loading hooks.
Geometry Parsing & Projection
Ensure your topojson file is correctly imported and passed through topojson.feature(...) (or equivalent).
Log the resulting GeoJSON features.length—you should see ~200 country objects.
If that value is zero or undefined, the map canvas will be empty.
SVG / Canvas Sizing & CSS
Inspect the container element for zero width or height (e.g. via “Elements” panel).
Make sure your map’s <svg> has explicit width="100%" and a nonzero height.
Check for any parent element with display: none or collapsed dimensions.
Color Scale & Fill Logic
Temporarily hard‐code a fill (e.g. fill every path with blue) to confirm the polygons themselves are present.
If you see outlines or shapes, then your color‐scale domain or accessor function for “score” is likely misconfigured, resulting in transparent fills.
Error Boundaries & Silent Failures
Wrap your map component in a simple error boundary or place console.log statements at key lifecycle points:
console.log("Loaded features:", features);
console.log("Health scores:", scores);
If those logs never appear, you may have an early return in your render (e.g. if (!data) return null;) that’s always firing.
Dependency Versions
Confirm you installed the right versions of react-simple-maps, topojson-client, d3-scale, etc.
Run npm ls react-simple-maps topojson-client d3-scale in the Replit shell to check for missing or mismatched versions.
Build & Hot-Reload
Sometimes Replit’s hot-reload misses new files. Try a full “Restart repl” or manually stop/start the development server.
Look for any compilation errors in the terminal output.